# xarsed-wa-v0.0.0
Xarsed is a scientific web application designed based on academic knowledge. Its goal is to create a step-by-step and simple framework for people without specialized knowledge to benefit from scientific results. In the first step, Xarsed has tried to create an algorithm that calculates the dimensions of a photovoltaic-battery system with basic and accessible information such as air temperature and knowing the amount of use of electrical appliances. Every person in every part of the world, depending on their lifestyle conditions and geographical location, can meet their electricity needs with the help of a photovoltaic-battery system. Of course, it is possible that for some places and some lifestyles, a suitable output from Xarsed's algorithm may not be obtained, but Xarsed intelligently provides you with recommendations so that you can achieve your goal. Xarsed is at the beginning of the path and is increasingly striving to develop itself. Improving background algorithms, improving web app standards, and adding new ideas are the next steps in Xarsed's growth path. You can empathize with Xarsed on this path. If you are an expert, who can check out Xarsed's computational algorithms, you can refer to Xarsed's Python package in this account, all the algorithms are provided there:
https://github.com/xarsed/xarsed-pp-v0.0.0
If you are a developer, you can help Xarsed in the challenges of improving the web app, although scientific algorithms written in Python can also be improved by you developers. If you would like to empathy with Xarsed, you can deposit any amount of money to the following Bitcoin address:
bc1q4ysv8kw9zj5fes838cg7hadqc3yeuvcptekcqv
Xarsed welcomes any empathy and support from you. 
If you want to try Xarsed web app, you can check out the link below:
https://xarsed.pythonanywhere.com
